USF-3704 Add ShippingMethodItem slot documentation (#756)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/checkout/slots.mdx

})(block);
```

## ShippingMethods slots

The slots for the `ShippingMethods` container allow you to fully replace the default shipping method UI with a custom implementation.

```typescript
interface ShippingMethodsProps {
  slots?: {
    ShippingMethodItem?: SlotProps<{
      method: ShippingMethod;
      isSelected: boolean;
      onSelect: () => void;
    }>;
  };
}
```

### ShippingMethodItem slot

The ShippingMethodItem slot allows you to replace the default RadioButton or ToggleButton UI for each shipping method with a completely custom element. Use `ctx.replaceWith()` to provide your own UI and `ctx.onRender()` to update it when the context changes.

The slot receives a context with the following properties:

> - `method` - The shipping method data (`ShippingMethod` model with carrier, amount, title, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `method` - The shipping method data (`ShippingMethod` model with carrier, amount, title, and so on.)
```
